Oh
like
first time first time for everything
first time in Endicott history all right
as you guys know be in Division three
athletes we don't get a chance to do all
the fun stuff that you see the Division
one guys do with their big selection
shows and all that stuff that it's
become a lot more hype than anything
else what we're doing tonight is really
special because it's the first time that
we've ever signed a player but we wanted
to make this significant and special
because we really believe that the
addition of this guy to our team is
significant and special so the coach
says my name is Luke summers up and
we've been working with Vince for a
couple months now it's come down to
campus a couple times I actually got a
chance to go watch them ski so we kick
my butt on the slopes for a whole day so
Vince has all the qualities that we look
forward to player here at Endicott great
kid real inspiring so it's going to be
pleasure work with them girl forward
we'd like to thank team impact also for
connecting the two of us so without them
none of this would be possible so just
like to say thank you again to the
skeleton family for you know joining out
and become
family here we look forward to the next
few years if you guess I'm going to read
the letter of intent and and then I'm
going to have the people that need to
sign the letter by rules of the NCAA for
a letter of intent the athletic director
the head football coach our teammate
coordinator and of course Vince the
letter says this endicott college
football letter of intent january twenty
9 2014 congratulations vent we are
pleased to offer you a spot as the first
member of the endicott college football
2014 recruiting class we've determined
that you have the necessary skills great
personal qualities and the depth of
character that we look forward members
of our football family so i'm going to
start by having brian wiley our director
of athletics put his signature in the
appropriate line
next will be our team coordinator boots
summers
self
most important signature Vince right
there
when they do these things the guy's
gotta pick a hat while Vince doesn't
want to go to any of those other schools
here's one be around any of those other
programs and maybe you know he could
choose from he's made the choice so
Vince me like that as you put on your
Endicott football hat
you want my trusty the audience trusted
team thank you for having me at all our
you good how I know I need to die